Roles API import to official API pages (#6417)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/faq/how-do-i-grant-or-remove-a-global-permission-to-or-from-a-role.md

| logs_write_archives          | 505fd138-dd15-11e8-9308-afd2db62791e | Update the external archives configuration    |
| logs_public_config_api       | bd837a80-6cb2-11e9-8fc4-339b4b012214 | Access the Logs Public Config API (r/w)       |
| logs_generate_metrics        | 06f715e2-aed9-11e9-aac6-eb5723c0dffc | Access the Generate Metrics feature           |
| dashboards_read              | 2147a4f0-d3d9-11e9-a614-83d5d3c791ee | Ability to view dashboards                    |
| dashboards_write             | 2149e512-d3d9-11e9-a614-bb8f0dcf0205 | Ability to create and change dashboards       |
| dashboards_public_share      | 214c10b2-d3d9-11e9-a614-3759c7ad528f | Ability to share dashboards externally        |
| monitors_read                | c898551e-d8b2-11e9-a336-e3a79c23bd8d | Ability to view monitors                      |
| monitors_write               | cdc3e3d2-d8b2-11e9-943b-e70db6c573b8 | Ability to change, mute, and delete  monitors |
| monitors_downtime            | d3159858-d8b2-11e9-a336-e363d6ef331b | Ability to set downtimes for your monitors    |

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Granting Permissions Within Limited Scopes

> Certain permissions can be granted within a limited scope. This can be done manually from the Datadog application in [the Pipelines Page][1], or programmatically via the Role API if the correct "scope" is added in the payload. The following permissions can be granted within a limited scope:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain permissions can be granted within a limited scope. This can be done manually from the Datadog site on the [Pipelines page][1], or programmatically with the Role API if the correct `scope` is added to the payload. The following permissions are available within a limited scope:
```

> | Permission Name                | Scope Name | Format                                   | Description                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Permission name                | Scope name | Format                                   | Description                                                    |
```

|--------------------------------|------------|------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `logs_read_index_data`         | indexes    | list of index names (string)             | Grant read on only certain log indexes                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `logs_read_index_data`         | indexes    | List of index names (string)             | Grant read access on certain log indexes                         |
```

> | `logs_write_exclusion_filters` | indexes    | list of index names (string)             | Grant update on the exclusion filters for only certain indexes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `logs_write_exclusion_filters` | indexes    | List of index names (string)             | Grant update access on the exclusion filters for certain indexes |
```

> | `logs_write_processors`        | pipelines  | list of processing pipeline ids (string) | Grant update on only the processors of certain pipelines       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `logs_write_processors`        | pipelines  | List of processing pipeline IDs (string) | Grant update access on the processors of certain pipelines       |
```

> For example, to grant read access only on two indexes named `main` and `support` to a role named `support`, your API call  looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example grants read access on two indexes named `main` and `support` to a role named `support`:
```

```sh
curl -X POST \
        https://app.datadoghq.com/api/v2/roles/<ROLE_UUID>/permissions \
        -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
        -H "DD-API-KEY: <YOUR_DATADOG_API_KEY>" \
        -H "DD-APPLICATION-KEY: <YOUR_DATADOG_APPLICATION_KEY>" \
        -d '{
                "data": {
                    "type": "permissions",
                    "id": <PERMISSION_UUID>,
                    "scope": {
                        "indexes": [
                            "main",
                            "support"
                        ]
                    }
                }
            }'
```

> To grant write access to only two processing pipelines whose IDs are `abcd-1234` and `bcde-2345` respectively, your API call  looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example grants write access to two processing pipelines with the IDs `abcd-1234` and `bcde-2345`:
```
